
Project name: School Attendance Project(current name)

	Our software will provide teachers and professors with an app that is fast, efficient and accurate for attendance taking.
	This will simplify the work of proffesors for taking attendance as compared to traditional methods. It will keep track and manage 
	student login and logout.  Every attendance session will store the information of the students along with their attendance status
	for the day in a file.  The student's legal guardians can sign up their emails to receive an alert from the system
	when an absence is recorded.
	
	
Student Description
The students will be able to scan their Identification Cards in order to sign in/out of our system. The Student will be notified if their
 login/logout was accepted or not, the scanner light will turn green if they were succefully able to login/logout or they will get an error 
message on the screen alerting them that their login/logout failed. The student or student gaurdian will also receive notification via 
email of their absence if they did not log into the system during the class period. This will allow the student/gaurdian to keep track of 
absences through the academic period.

Administators, such as teachers,professors, or anyone with a administartive account, will be able to modify current and past student 
attendence data. Initially, the administrator will have to sign up for a system account. This allows the adminstor to record and edit data.
 The adminsitaotr will then be able to filter and/or search for a student's attendence history. This admininistator will also be to go 
back to past attendence and edit the data in case someone was in class but didn't log in. Once the admin signs up for an account, he/she 
will be able to create their classes in the program and include the class name, time slot, and the class roster. When all the class details 
have been submmited and the admin has selected the class as active, the administator will be able to let students log in/out. While the student's 
log in/out, the administator will overwatch the log in process to make sure that student's do not swipe in twice (logging in for their friends). 


Administrator
- will have the ability to view attendance records of the day, week, and month.
- will view tardies and absences of students.
- setup email list of students parents for notifications.
Students
- each student will have a unique ID card for the class.
- will login and logout from class.
- upon login/logout students will see their name, login time, and number of absences for the month.